# Scripts and Results

This folder contains scripts used to run the stochastic flight scheduling
algorithm with different configurations and collect results.

## Scripts

- `batch_runner.py`: Script that provides different ways to run the optimizer.
    It can run the optimizer in the following modes:
    - benders: Just run Benders to collect results like Benders gap, optimality
        gap, number of cuts and Benders time.
    - train: Generate some delay scenarios (default 30) and run the naive
        model, DEP and Benders to collect their reschedule solutions.
    - test: Given reschedule solutions of different optimization models,
        generate new delay scenarios (default 100) and report the average value
        of total propagated delay calculated for each delay scenario.
- `script_builder.py`: Script that runs prepares a shell script such that each
    line of the shell script calls `batch_runner.py` in a specific way.
- `collect_results.py`: Script that generates csv files from the 7z archives
    that were generated by running the shell script generated by
    `script_builder.py`. These csv files are the source of all tables in the
    latest version of the paper.

## Archives

The "output_*.7z" archives contain console logs of runs. These are useful to
collect data not written as part of solution files. The "solution_*.7z" files
contain output files generated by running the Java program.

- output.7z, solutions.7z
    Results of the first run that contain training and test results for all
    models for all numbers of training scenarios in {10,20,30,40} for the
    instances {s1,s2,s3,s4}.xml. Results in these folders are collected by the
    function `collect_run_1_results` in `collect_results.py` and written to
    `run_1_scenario_results.csv`.
- output_1.7z, solutions_1.7z
    Results of runs done to measure time comparison for different algorithm
    strategies. Most folders in the solutions folder don't have useful files as
    the corresonding runs were timed out by the server due to exceeding the
    time limit of 2 hours 15 minutes. However, the logs still have the Benders
    solution time. Results in these folders are collected by the function
    `collect_run_2_results` in `collect_results.py` and written to
    `run_2_time_results.csv`.
- output_2_train.7z, output_2.7z, solutions_2.7z
    Contain console logs of training runs, console logs of test runs and
    solution files for quality runs of s6.xml (for Tables 2,7,8,9,10 in the
    paper) quality runs of s5.xml for the scenario table in the paper. These
    results are collected by the function `collect_run_3_results` in
    `collect_results.py` and written to `run_3_benders_results.csv` and
    `run_3_quality_results.csv`. As these runs used a distribution mean of 30,
    only the "scenario" run type results from `run_3_quality_results.csv` were
    added to the paper. Other results were not added as their mean of 30 was
    different from the mean of 15 used for other instances in quality tables
    (2,7,8,9,10) alreay present in the paper.
- output_3_train.7z, solutions_3.7z
    Benders and quality results of s6.xml for the quality table, budget table,
    distribution table with the correct distribution mean of 15. These results
    are collected by the function `collect_run_4_results` in
    `collect_results.py` and written to `run_4_benders_results.csv` and
    `run_4_quality_results.csv`.
